today we are going to settle which is
actually the best fossil Pokemon in
Generation 1 whether it's going to be
Lord Dome or Lord Amber sorry Lord Helix
doesn't even get a place in this race
because only Aerodactyl and Kabutops
have fossil forms of missing noome now
this has to be one of the strangest runs
that I've ever done on this channel
because these Pokémon do not behave like
anything else that you've ever seen in
fact even the Bulbapedia article on
these special missing noes is basically
incorrect or in some cases outright
wrong about how they actually perform
fortunately we have access to game hook
a software that allows us to see the
realtime data the realtime Ram of the
game so that we can verify just how they
work and figure out how to play them in
a full game
Challenge and by the end of this we're
going to know once and for all which of
these fossil Pokémon is truly the best
in gen one let's get into this run
starting with the rules first things
first I couldn't figure out a way to
randomize these fossil missing nose into
my starter at the beginning of the game
so I'm catching them Wild by using
master balls I'm just using Game hook
for that but you could have just
transferred over the master balls via
the color case this does expose us to
the rideon glitch where the first one
will turn into a rideon when it's
registered in the Pokédex but that's
fine we're simply catching two and we
will end up with our proper fossil
missing noes this is a super minimum
battles race meaning that we're using
all of the sequence breaks that are
possible in gen one everything from the
pokka doll glitch to transferring of
fresh water via the color case to
trading in an HM mu so that we can use
it to use all the field moves we need in
the game we cannot fight any optional
battles whatsoever and we have to even
break the sequence of the game to avoid
battles if at all possible now while
these Pokémon can learn every single TM
in the game I'm going to try to keep
them somewhat themed using basically the
TMS that they either would normally
learn or some moves that they learned in
later generations things like giving
them access to rock slide which neither
these Pokemon could learn in gen one or
earthquake a move that I think makes
perfect sense for both of these Pokémon
we could go ham and give them things
like Thunderbolts but I'm just going to
avoid that in this first test we will of
course use no other Pokémon in battle
and no items in battle all the standard
solo running stuff but be aware there
are some pretty weird interactions there
are going to be some weird glitches that
we experience in exploits as we go
through this one because these are
missing those after all we're just going
to have to see how they actually work
out so with that being said we finally
have both of our Pokémon let's get into
this challenge proper and see if they
can beat the first gym and again I'm
just doing this with game hook but you
could just as easily have done it with
any of the methods that I've covered in
the past the the me glitch the trainer
fly glitch the uh ditto glitch the uh
actual missing D glitch there are so
many ways to get your hands on this
Pokemon you just have to know that you
need a hex value of B7 for this
Aerodactyl so here now we throw the
master ball we've caught it and we're
going to give him a name oh yes oh yes
we're giving him the
name this is Lord
Amber Lord Amber will be going up
against Lord
Dome so here let's put Lord Amber in the
top slot and let's just check this one
here so Lord Amber is a rock flying
Pokemon with 16 attack 13 defense 18
speed 11 special 23 HP and it knows wing
attack and Agility and needs 114 XP to
level up now let's talk about some of
the mistakes that were made by the
Bulbapedia if I put r on in the bottom
slot when I open up the stats screen
you're going to see that the type has
changed to rock
ground but if we open up game hook and
we look at this Pokemon's actual data in
Ram right it is the top Pokemon right
here Lord Amber and we come down here to
type one and type two it is a rock
flying type Pokémon Bulbapedia is
completely wrong about this it doesn't
change the typing it only changes the
typing that displays in the status
screen when you move Pokemon there so
Bulbapedia you're
wrong the second thing you're going to
see here is let's say we move Mew into
that slot now not only does it think
we're a psychic type
It also says we only need 23 XP in order
to level up there's a problem with
this our LevelUp group is now being
calculated as if we're in the fast level
up group whereas if Aerodactyl or Ryon
are down there they are slow level up
Pokemon so it shows the XP that we would
need to level up if we were a slow level
up Pokemon but that doesn't actually
affect our rate of leveling up no what
affects our rate of leveling up is the
last Pokemon that we def defeated every
time we defeat a Pokémon we take on
their level up rate and if we level up
against them we take on their stats this
is incredibly important because it's
part of what we're going to be dealing
with this entire run and it's in fact
how I think I'm going to get this one
done on minimum battles in fact super
minimum battles but now we're going to
do the most important battle in this
entire run this bug catcher battle
here's what we're going to do we've
saved the game and now we want to beat
this bug catcher with exactly one HP
remaining no more no less so here we're
going to hit it twice with wing attack
and now we're just going to sit here and
spam
agility hoping that it doesn't critical
hit me when I'm like down to 2 Hp that's
all we want just just tackle me please
please tackle
come
on stop string shotting two more tackles
buddy we need oh come
on he refuses to cooperate so we we
didn't get down to one HP we just need
to get to one HP in this fight that's
all we need so here I'm going to once
again spam agility hoping that he
tackles
me he's this guy just really loves his
String Shot doesn't he look at this guy
he's just like yeah I'm going to String
Shot you going to String Shot you all
day I've been playing with Silly String
all
afternoon who remembers Silly String
Legends okay so there one wing attack
two Wing attacks okay he's got us down
to 5 HP we just need four more
tackles oh this there's the critical hit
yes and now we knock him out we have one
HP here's the thing we are about to
become a Caterpie in terms of our base
stats what that means is that even
though we're about to level up here our
HP is actually going to go
down so we leveled to level six but all
these stats you can see the attack
defense speed special those are all
stats that would be level six Caterpie
stats but the other thing you'll notice
is that our HP has become
F35 the reason we had 23 HP before and
we were down to 1 HP but the game thinks
that we are 22 HP below our Max HP at
this point that's the way it calculates
how much HP you have remaining after a
level up it takes how much total
difference between your current HP and
your max HP there was and then it just
subtracts that value from the new Max HP
the issue is that 22 is greater than 21
the HP that a Caterpie would have at
level six on zero devs and that means
that we end up with negative - 1 HP
causing an underflow glitch that causes
us to have effectively infinite HP with
this
Pokemon oh my God so if we don't go to
the Pokemon Center and heal up we have
now guaranteed that this Pokemon will
never run out of
HP so here against Brock we're going to
see that normally wing attack is doing
like what one damage here we should be
killed but when he tackles us we now
have an infinite or virtually infinite
health bar basically when we got that
underflow it set our HP to be
65,535 over
21 so as long as we never go back above
zero and as long as we don't take 65,000
some odd damage we can never be defeated
by our opponents now now if we ever heal
HP it completely glitches the entire
game out or it resets our HP to its
correct amount but here here we don't
have to worry about that and we're just
going to let this Geodude do lots of
damage to us so that we can guarantee
that no matter what we will not end up
in this situation where we ever end up
back over the zero threshold which means
we can just do the rest of the run
without ever having to heal now we are
going to use a lot of struggle strats in
this early game CU we don't have any
other attacking moves and we won't learn
any moves via level up but there we go
Geodude goes down
now on to the Onyx and uh Screech who
cares you can Screech all you want you
can bide all you want you can do
whatever you want Brock we don't care
this is going to be the most tedious
battle ever but it's a guaranteed win he
can do nothing he can do literally
nothing against this and uh yeah the
game has given our uh fossil a like
Geodude back Sprite that that happens a
lot we either get the Sprite of the
enemy or like a glitched out Sprite of
the enemy but this is just hilarious
this is just
hilarious oh
man so here we're just spamming struggle
over and over again and uh we have the
stats currently of a level 9 Geodude is
the key so basically we just have to
assume that we are effectively a level 9
Geodude um for all intents and purposes
and once we beat this Onyx we're going
to become I think like a level eight
Onyx let's just double check I believe
it's level eight Onyx after
this yes so now we became level eight
and we have stats like an onyx the
reason we became level eight is because
Geodude is in the medium slow level up
group whereas Onyx is in the medium fast
level up group but the medium fast level
up group actually levels up slower at
the beginning of the game blah blah blah
blah blah
and what that means is that we actually
level down in some fights so we needed
to be one one HP lower than what we were
I'll explain it as we get there but
first things first let's go back in here
let's reset up our
hardens
okay so here let's uh go for our absorbs
again we don't really mind taking damage
here we want some damage okay so here we
knock this one out now we level up right
here and effectively we're level 9 but
if you look at our stats those are the
stats that you would have if you were a
Geodude our stats are reset to the last
Pokemon we knocked out after we level
up so now we can get into this Onyx
fight where we kind of want
to deal some decent damage to
it and look at that oh we get nice nice
and low on
HP let's see if we can knock it out here
we oh but we we heal up off of that no
so that won't work sorry we can't use
the absorb there because that will
recover HP we don't want to recover HP
okay sorry sorry sorry that's me being
bad here let's keep this Harden action
going here here we're going for some uh
absorbs here
[Music]
he let's get one more there we
go so we're level nine
now here I kind of want to keep using
some hardens
[Music]
here here I'm I'm regaining a bunch of
HP but this is
fine so here I'm just going to
intentionally scratch him even while
he's using B I don't really care I just
want to get down to like one or two HP
remaining
okay
[Music]
hey
okay so now okay we're at 2 Hp let's
knock him out there we go you will see
that our stats have reset we have 12
attack 30 defense 16 speed nine special
but more importantly our HP is currently
F35 over
23 so just like that both of our
Challengers have beaten Brock and taking
advantage of this HP underflow glitch
means that both of our Pokémon are
basically Invincible in this next
section we we will have to deal with
mandatory heals later in the game
though but at this point it's actually
Lord Dome that has a massive Advantage
Not only was it able to knock out Brock
Faster by using absorb it also has quite
a bit of pp left over in scratch and
because it has so much scratch PP
remaining it will be able to get through
this next section A little bit faster
it's also going to get access to water
gun in Mount moon like I said at the
beginning in the rules I'm trying to
theme these Pokémon as much as possible
water gun makes perfect sense for a
cabut Toops would not make any sense for
an
Aerodactyl that means that Lord Dome can
continue hitting opponents with moves
that have PP whereas our Aerodactyl has
to go straight through this next section
struggling now there was one massive
issue the fact that if Lord Dome uses
absorb it actually glitches the game out
completely as we can see on this first
Caterpie fight I decided to Simply set
its PP for absorb to zero after this so
that we would keep these fair and not
have to go back and add extra time to
Lord dome but it's something that we
have to keep in mind healing moves and
healing items are not going to help us
in this run in fact the time lost in
setting that PP to zero plus the time
that it took to pick up the water gun
tium and teach it to our fossil Kabutops
actually gave Lord Amber enough time to
catch up so they're basically both neck
and neck going into the Jesse and James
fight so there we go we get through that
we're going to take Lord Helix in this
one we'll let the other run be Lord Dome
so uh yeah let's go ahead and fight
Jesse and James who have no clue what
they're up
against we have the ultimate plot armor
they can do literally nothing in this
fight oh this is ridiculous like rap who
cares you ain't rapping better than
anybody now we became a level 14 ekins
effectively and we're just using
struggle here okay we get grow at now
we're to coughing we're still a level 14
ekins using struggle except we have
infinite HP we have Pokeball 53
HP oh
man and there we go we knocked them out
we get to level 15 we're now effectively
level 15 coughing for the sake of like
what our actual stats are so here we
will get Lord
Dome the dome fossil we will not have
the travesty of getting the uh that
other one come
on okay now we have turned into a
glitched out uh ekins apparently and
we're just spamming the uh water guns
here we're basically a volt orb at this
point now we become basically a and ekin
because we leveled up there so we've got
ekin stats at level 14 using this water
gun we don't care about growl and here
now we're up against coughing and I
believe we have basically coughing
stats so here we're just going to keep
spamming oh we we're down to struggle
now but yeah the water gun did make I
think that section A little bit faster
cool and we are through so now let's
just slap and antidote on look at that
we're we're like
Jesse oh no we're like James oh we're
James we're the James
Sprite oh my
God fossil cob Toops you Legend you've
become James I I am
James and with Jesse and James going
down we now have to take on Misty in her
gym because this is super minimum
battles we have a traded in Cut Pokémon
in H mule and as soon as we get mti's
badge we can simply cut the tree at the
south end of Cerulean City and make our
way down south to safron now both of our
Pokemon are using struggle at this point
which might make you think that this is
just a wash it's going to be equally
easy but remember it's not just how much
damage we do to Misty but how much
damage she does to us and how long it
takes for that to go off of the HP
[Music]
bar
and it took me like well over level 30
level
35ish to win here and that was when I
got the infinite health glitch the first
time and then I realized wait a second
we need to do some research we need top
men on this and then I realized oh my
God this is this game is completely
broken we have completely destroyed the
world of Pokémon gen one even gen gen
one wasn't prepared for this look how
much damage it looks like this star me
is doing every time with its water type
moves and yet we're just sitting here
tanking it like
seriously
seriously we're we're like you know the
whatever Omega weapon Ultima weapon
whatever from the Poke or from the Final
Fantasy games depending on which version
you're playing um and yeah we get to
level 16 we're effectively a level 16
star me now as far as our base stats so
here we're just going to spam more
struggles because that's all we need to
do we don't care about the water type
moves even though they would normally do
really good damage and uh yeah we are
just sitting here spamming we're level
15 I think we're level 16 when we finish
this
fight so here let's just keep spamming
struggle we're barely doing any damage
AG but
uh normally all these bubble beams would
just be destroying Kabutops but we're
already dead you can't do that to me I'm
Already Dead come
on okay and there we
go so with Misti going down we can now
use cut outside of battle and we've got
the HMU to do it so we can make our way
down south and because we transferred a
fresh water via the C case in Pokémon
Stadium 2 we can go straight into
Saffron City that means we're actually
going to go to Celadon now where we can
get access to tons of useful TMS I'm
going to allow both of these Pokemon to
learn moves that I think are reasonable
in the case of Aerodactyl that means
moves like rock slide and takedown so it
will actually have some PP as we go
through this next section of the game
the Kabutops fossil on the other hand
will get access to Bubble beam it will
get access to rock slide as well but it
can also get ice beam a move that could
be really broken as we go through the
rest of the run I also make sure to get
a poked doll while I'm here so that I
can use the poked doll skip once we get
to the Pokémon Tower meaning we don't
have to complete the Rocket game corner
now this is the point where I would
usually say we can't use any Pokemon
centers because we still need to be able
to teleport back to Mount Moon so that
we can skip two trainers north of
Vermilion City fortunately in this run
we don't want to use Pokémon centers
anyway lest we lose our massive amount
of HP so we basically just progress as
we are right now so I decide to take on
Erica's gym first since we've gotten
super effective moves with both of our
Pokémon Ice Beam in the case of fossil
Kabutops and fly in the case of fossil
Aerodactyl and it's just time to see
which one can get through here first up
till now Aerodactyl has been a little
bit ahead but now it's actually fossil
Kabutops who gets to this fight
[Music]
first Erica waifu number two doesn't
even want to look at us but we're going
to use the Ice Beam
here and normally that Mega drain should
do just massive damage
here we should eventually be able to
freeze this one I
think but even barring that oh yeah it's
frozen Get Wrecked so now we get through
we leveled up there we get to move on to
weeping Bell who uses the Razor Leaf
that should normally just kill us
immediately but
instead we're spamming the ice beams
until we win there level up to level 22
there now we just have to spam the
bubble beams cuz we don't have anything
else
[Music]
okay we are paralyzed too so this is
going to take a long time cuz pedal Dan
just thinks it should do such massive
damage to us but she hits herself in
confusion too that's very
nice so she's still thrashing thrashing
but there's no way that she does enough
damage to knock us out I can say that
definitively okay so here we're going to
go through this next little area now
normally we could with these glitch
Pokemon we could just learn things like
psychic and whatnot here we're not going
that route in this one we're trying to
keep them like I said kind of kind of in
in theme if you
will so she's looking the wrong way as
is her tangla we don't really care about
that Mega drain it's not a big deal
and uh here Vine whip is doing decent
damage but we should eventually get
through
this
he if she just will stop using Mega
drain on me for a second could you could
you just stop for a
minute okay so we take Tanga down now we
are effectively a
Tanga uh I vote we just spam taked down
here hey Razor Leaf is doing a lot of
damage but this shouldn't
[Music]
matter we just need to wake up here so
that we can actually
attack he we're just spamming take
down for the sake of using
something we're so underleveled here
that we're doing very little amounts of
damage but it shouldn't ultimately Ely
matter okay we get paralyzed now but I
think that's perfectly
fine oh and we miss take down no come on
come on stop missing take down and hit
hit damn you hit you let her use the
super potion come
on you
fossil you darn old
fossil
okay come on one more there we go so we
level to level 22 here we still have two
takedowns so I'm just going to spam them
[Music]
here okay we're out of taked down so now
we have to go rock slide
here hey it does decent
damage
hey and it's
thrashing but we knock it out so there
we go Erica goes down we're perfectly
fine don't worry we probably took
literally thousands of
HP of damage there and it's it's not
really a big
deal so catops finished that fight
significantly faster due to the fact
that Lord Amber got put to sleep in the
battle and stayed asleep for a very long
time so I took a slightly different
routing with the two Challengers not for
any particular reason it's just a matter
of preference I decided to teleport
straight back home with our Lord Amber
so that we could make our way straight
to Lieutenant Serge while I took a
slight detour with Lord Dome fighting
the one last that is blocking Lavender
Town that allowed it to get an Elixir
and a Max ether here that might just
make the lieutenant surge even faster
but it's going to be fossil Aerodactyl
that makes it to Lieutenant surge first
first so let's see how that fight
[Music]
goes so here here we go we are up
against
this this Raichu it's using
Thunderbolt that would normally be a
death sentence but we don't care Mega
kick also bad and mega kick misses and
we
win we become like a level 21 Raichu
here oh this is ridiculous this is truly
just utterly ridiculous so here we are
we are just going to
spam our struggles here the mega kick
Mega Punch oh we don't like growl
Thunderbolts oh look at all the damage
that that should have
done that it should have done is the
keyword and we take him down we get to
level 21 Lieutenant Serge chump joke
never had a shot never had a single
shot so with Lieutenant surge going down
we can now make our way to Lavender with
both Challengers we have to fight rival
number four funny enough we got to skip
rival 2 and rival 3 on super minimum
battles so it's been quite a while since
we've seen this guy but it's right after
the Rival 4 fight that we're going to
hit a major wall in both of these runs
and we're going to have to figure out
how to get through it we just want to
have enough PP to get through this next
little section
here so here I'm going rock slide on
this SPO
here okay a two hit Koo from the looks
of things
nice Magnemite I will go bubble beam
here since it's neutrally effective we
want to save our Rock slides for later
anyway okay shelder also has very low
special so I think bubble beam does more
than enough damage
even with withdraw is not a big deal
sandrew we're definitely bubble beaming
it um you know he can get wrecked nice
and now we've made it to Eevee I'm going
to just stick with the bubble beam spam
here might seem ridiculous but I'm going
to save the rock slides for the Gast
Lees that are coming
up um Bubble beam is perfectly or 100%
accurate this one Cakewalk we're simply
spamming struggle we are effectively a
Clefairy right now and the fact that we
have been growled at means that we have
far less uh in terms of uh
[Music]
Whatchamacallit comes out we're just
struggling against
Magnemite he's doing some damage to us
but it doesn't matter we've got seven of
62 HP from the looks of things things
but it doesn't matter we're just like a
little glitchy blob here again we're
fine we're fine this is all
fine oh my God this this shelder is just
freaking out he doesn't know what to do
he's just like I'm just going to use
withdraw I'm just withdrawing from this
fight okay now we become a level 21
shelder effectively and now we're going
to fight against the
sandrew and you know it's doing decent
damage to us with scratch but we're
we're doing fine here too so we knock
that one out now Eevee comes out sand
attacking us but the sand attack
shouldn't ultimately matter it should
really just come down to how how long
this takes this is just tedious guys
just
tedious not difficult tedium and
difficulty are two very different things
okay so now we have gotten this far in
the run but I need to use a PP
restoration item so that we can actually
hit these upcoming Ghost Pokemon I'm
going to put that into rock slide I
think this is the way to go I think it's
our strongest move against these ghosts
so here let's save the game and now
let's fight this
one so here we're going to just use rock
slide it's the only move we have that
can hit the ghosts that's an easy one
hitter we level up to level 25 and now
we hit that one there we go we are now
level 26 very nice we're going to grab
this
Elixir now is where we enter the single
biggest problem of this
run right
here unless we take an optional battle
to fight this Channeler right
here and that's an optional battle
that's not a required
battle we have to enter the purified
protected Zone which heals our Pokémon
restores all our HP and PP but that
means that our infinite health is gone
this is the one like required heal in
the entire game for this run that
actually matters and we have to take it
which means we're going to have to set
up our glitch again so I have an idea
how to do it but we're going to first
enter the Zone we're going to save the
game
and now what we're going to do is come
up here we're going to see that Lord
Amber is now just a normal level 26
Pokemon that is rocking the stats of a
Gastly both of our Pokemon have lost
their massive HP bar and the fact that
these Pokemon are underleveled at this
point means that this next section could
actually be really difficult and it
could decide which one of these Pokemon
wins and which one of these Pokemon Los
loses if we have any struggles against
Jesse and James or perhaps against Koga
we might just lose this race starting
with Lord Dome let's see how the Jesse
and James fight goes and then we're
going to make our way down south to
koga's gym where I have an idea where we
might be able to set up that HP glitch
again and now we want to use the uh
you know we want to make it so that
they're basically doing no damage to us
when they
attack and now let's go for the bubble
beams oh we get a critical hit there
from that mouth
rip okay let's try
again so here we're going
Harden we just want to get it where it's
not really doing doing much damage to us
oh and except the critical hit are you
kidding me so we knocked that one out
now we've got like meow
stats okay here we get a speed drop now
our stats recalculate to those of an
[Music]
arbach okay now we have at least a type
advantage but we get poisoned are you
kidding me
a nice critical hit
there and we just barely get through
with one HP remaining oh my god oh this
fossil is just legendary so that did not
work um I wasn't paying attention to my
HP before and after but they seem to be
pretty close yeah those seem like
identical values if I was understanding
correctly okay so now we're effectively
a mouth
here I'm going to rock slide
[Music]
here here I'm going to use agility so
that I
outspeed okay so we knock that one out
and then we level up again so we're
basically arbach
here okay we do knock that one out
cool so now that we have managed to get
both of our Challengers through Jesse
and James and after a slight detour to
the sil co building to get access to
sword dance I decided to make it
available to both Pokemon so that would
stay fairly Fair we now have to set up
that HP glitch again because if we don't
get that HP glitch there is no way that
either of these Pokemon get through the
rest of the game Aerodactyl will get
very easily destroyed by Koga and even
if it got through somehow once we get to
Lori it's basically game over Kabutops
on the other hand is going to struggle
here against Kaa as well and have its
struggles against Giovani and possibly
even Bruno when we get there so we
absolutely need that massive health bar
but we don't have many ways to actually
set that up in this section of the game
basically everything on Rival 5's team
other than Kadabra has too much HP in
its base stats to allow us to set up the
glitch properly and even here in koga's
gym Kadabra is the only Pokemon that
would let us set it up the drowsies yet
again have too much
HP the problem is that even to set up on
the Kadabra here we need to get to the
Kadabra and beat it with less than 5 HP
remaining at 5 HP our HP will actually
just go to zero and we'll faint so we
have to have 4 3 2 1 somewhere in that
range in order to even make this work
and it's really hard to get the exact
ranges that you need when opponents are
using really strong moves and this is
where Lord Amber having access to
agility is absolutely massive agility
means that it can actually outspeed that
cadabra when it gets there remember we
don't have a badge boost in speed until
we beat Koga and so that means it gets
the setup first and gets to move on in
the run while Kabutops is going to be
here struggling for quite a while in
order to get that setup so while
Kabutops keeps grinding let's see how
Aerodactyl does in its first attempt
against
[Music]
Koga let's go here we are we've got
fly uh I'm going to use it right there
I'm actually going to start using
agility
here okay let's fly again and and uh
here let's fly one last time there
perfect now fly fly damn you fly you
fool oh we're out of good attacking PP
so we're just going to have to use take
down here hope that it works
out oh man take down you suck so bad
this is such a terrible
move oh
man here we're just spamming take down
doesn't even matter that they're using
psychic on us you know they can sleep
powder me they can use psychic I can
sleep forever it doesn't
matter they're never going to do enough
damage to knock me
out I'm sure of
it here okay we get a psychic
there nice take down take
down we're just staying asleep for so
many turns but there we go we knock that
one out we're to the
venomoth it doesn't want to use toxic on
us because of the fact that we are a
rock type Pokemon so that's why it's not
using toxic it would be very interesting
to see toxic work here how many turns
would it take for it to finally knock us
out I'm not sure but here now we just
have to spam agility until we get to
struggle because we're out of PP and
everything and we're basically just
managing PP from here on out so you know
all standard stuff just just you know
nothing exciting happening
here oh
man this is just so broken come on
venomoth let me use all my PP on you
it's doing so much damage it takes so
long just for the the little HP bar to
roll oh because we probably have like
minus six SP special and it thinks it's
doing massive amounts of damage to us
and it probably is um like we're
probably dead many times over but it
just doesn't
[Music]
matter uh how many how many amnesias do
we have left at this
point still 12 and it's just going to
keep using psychic every turn on
[Music]
us and like this Pokemon's so broken
even my overlay doesn't work for this
like it should be pulling in our data
and it doesn't because it just doesn't
know what to
do oh
man and we've got random symbol Health
here look at how much damage that
did this is probably literally doing
hundreds of damage every time it hits
us
oh
man like Kaa is probably literally
sitting here saying why won't you die
because I'm a fossil I can't die come on
come on what kind of fossil dies I mean
I already died so that's
why we're just going to keep this going
keep keep I'm just holding not away guys
I'm just letting the game go at its pace
basically the the fact that we win is a
foregone conclusion I think unless it's
actually doing thousands of damage per
hit I just don't think it ever knocks us
[Music]
out but this is probably the most
tedious battle I've ever been
in like we can neither die nor defeat
our
opponent
okay we're finally to
struggle fortunately he doesn't use like
X defense or he doesn't use healing
items but man oh man we're just
struggling
here the game just doesn't know what to
do anymore the game is Just we've
effectively just you know we've broken
gen one so badly that gen one just
doesn't know what to do anymore
oh my God look at that
bar it takes so long it takes so
long you know it's been what 50 minutes
59 minutes at this point oh God but
there we go we finally defeat Koga and
we level to level 29 we are basically
level 29 with the stats of a
venomoth oh
God oh man this is stupid okay he's
going to want to use sleep powder
against me but we should effectively be
able to survive infinite turns
[Music]
so
okay like um you know he's 25% to miss
with sleep powder so here I'm just going
to try to spam the uh rock
slide here on this first one at least
so this is going to take a while yet
again because he's just going to keep
sleep powdering me I should have kept
the poison if I had been
thinking all right but this is fine I
mean it's just
tedious
[Music]
we're taking a lot of damage
here okay you know what I'm going to
reset here one time cuz I think for
Speed purposes our best strategy is
actually to go fight rival number
five
um cuz we kind of wanted status there I
wasn't thinking about it I should have
been thinking we were already poisoned
but it's okay rival five could just use
like poison sting on us and then poison
us or burn us or paralyze us or
something that gives us the advantage
there against Koga
so we just need to get it so that he
can't just Spam sleep powder every turn
let's try
this so here we are up against our rival
we're going to spam some swords dances
first oh see there's the poison yes yes
we got the
poison okay so now let's uh bubble beam
here
oh come on come on let me Bubble beam
you no let me Bubble beam
you oh he's just used Too Many sand
attacks on me cloer let's rock slide it
okay that's pretty good here we'll just
use a couple bubble beams to finish it
off
cool Magneton I think we're just bubble
beaming the whole
[Music]
way
okay you know we're just taking
advantage of the fact that bubble beam
has a lot of
pp all right come on come on come
on we got to actually hit something
though okay I mean the poison plus the
thunder shock should in sir be
destroying us but we're just completely
overpowered we've destroyed the entire
game Pokemon at this point okay we level
up to level 29 there see if we can land
the rock slide here or not oh there it
is on Kadabra yes and now Flareon come
on we just really want to land this rock
slide and we missed oh that was stupid
okay so instead Ice Beam we get a
bite oh we goes for more sand attack
no stop him from Sand attacking we're
going to run out of all PP all right
this is fine uh we're just stuck
spamming Swords Dance PP now and then
we're going to have to struggle this one
down but we have basically infinite HP
so this is fine it's just going to be
tedious yet again he's fire spinning me
oh come on don't fire spin
me he's just fire spinning because he
doesn't have any effective moves and
he's smart enough to know that he
doesn't have any effective moves so he
just randomizes everything
oh this rival this rival what a
jerk you know we look like we're a sand
slash but we're actually a fossil
Kabutops who's a shape shifter you
know we're just using up all the sword
stances here just like a sand slash
would sand slash would be using Swords
Dance
too so here we're stuck struggling if we
can hit anything come
on we've been sand attacked so many
times at this point but we're all the
way to the last Pokémon so there's no
point doing anything other than trying
to uh struggle here looks like struggle
did good damage there too if we can just
Land one more there we go we get through
level 30
there so in spite of the fact that we
generally consider the flying type to be
one of the worst types in gen one and
the water type to be one of the better
types in this gen it's actually the
water type that is giving our fossil
Kabutops Lord Dome a massive
disadvantage against Kaa koga's AI is
made such that he will just Spam sleep
powder over and over and over again
against a Pokemon that is weak against
Grass this is only in Pokemon yellow but
it effectively leads to a virtually
endless fight we don't have any way to
outspeed here or to quickly knock these
Pokemon out and while yes you can say oh
it's only 75% accurate the fact that it
hits most of the time and it keeps you
asleep for multiple turns leads to this
exact situation where we basically can't
progress and we had to go fight rival 5
instead that gives a massive speed
Advantage right now to Lord Amber and
it's really a question if Lord Dome is
ever going to fully recover from
this it's also worth noting that in a
lot of cases these fights are getting
longer and longer because we're saving
our PP restoration items for the Elite 4
that's the point where we're going to be
up against against opponents with
massively large teams and we're going to
need all of the pp that we can get and
we're not going to be able to knock out
Agatha with only struggle strats
anyway so as bad as the struggle strats
are right now I do think that it's the
best strategy for this point in the game
we could simply go all in on just
learning every single TM that is
possible to learn since technically
every TM is learnable by these ones but
like I said I wanted to keep this
somewhat themed and really give a chance
to see
how these fossils would do if they just
got the benefits of being these glitch
Pokémon but let's see if the struggles
for Aerodactyl when it comes against
rival 5 take long enough that maybe our
Lord Dome can catch up against Koga and
now it's time for our
arrival let's
[Music]
see okay we've got four Elixir at this
point do I want to save them for later
is the
question we're not going to get a lot of
pp restoration items so I'm just going
to leave that
alone okay yeah let's just save the game
let's get into this we're just
struggling against rival 5 oh this is
stupid we're we're just spamming
struggle we're spamming struggle because
of the fact that I think later on maybe
I'll want to restore PP to do more
damage but I want to wait until I get
earthquake together with rock slide or
with uh sword dance
sorry but I don't know maybe Swords
Dance sorry I'm going to reset here
because if we just teach Swords
[Music]
Dance and then we restore some
PP see just a second
wait a second why did it say not
compatible there we are able so here
we're going to learn this over
agility and then just here I'm going to
just use one
Elixir so that we have some PP let's see
how this goes this is probably smoother
we probably beat these opponents faster
so here we're just going to go Swords
Dance Swords
Dance Swords Dance okay here let's fly
he does about half
there oh we get
poisoned okay but we knock that one out
cool boister comes out we're going rock
slide on this one easy one hitter okay
Magneton I vote let's go rock slide here
he easy one hitter here we can go like
take down here on this uh Kadabra I
think I think this is fine
[Music]
okay so we knocked that one out cool and
finally Flareon we're going rock slide
and we easily knock it out thanks to the
power of the uh
whatchamacallits guys but now Koga
cannot use sleep powder on us this is
the
plan so here we go
now we can set up three sword dances
he's just going to spam psychic on
us and we've recovered a ton of PP and
we kept all the pp in rock slide just so
that we can do this right here oh and we
missed the first one but there that's a
one hitter here let's just keep him
going that is a one hitter another rock
slide right here that is a one hitter
and here
venomoth comes out out and rock slide is
a one hit ko. we have defeated Koga just
like that we're going to
now antidote to get rid of that poison
we no longer need to worry about status
for basically the rest of the
Run um so fortunately with the poison
status Lord D was able to beat Koga
fairly easily just as soon as you can
neutralize him from using sleep powder
every single turn he's actually not that
bad
this is the same strategy that I used
back when I did the slow bro minimum
battles run and it's worth remembering
just anytime you're weak against Grass
and Pokemon yellow make sure that you go
into Kaa with some sort of status even
if it's normal poison status or
paralysis you're going to be better off
in that fight and now Lord Dome does get
another Advantage the fact that it can
learn two fairly Strong attacking moves
in this next section it's going to get
access to surf in the Savari Zone and
lizard once we get down to cabar Island
speaking of cabar Island I decided to
take on Blaine first with both of these
Pokémon we get the badge boost in
special then it's not so relevant for
Lord Amber but for Lord Dome it will
power up those two aforementioned moves
but which one can get through this fight
first Sab surf does give a pretty
notable advantage to our Kabutops here
against Blaine but it might not matter
if Aerodactyl can simply get through
quickly without getting a lot of
confusion from the first Ninetales no
right there Tombstone are brothers let's
get into the Blain fight oh this is
stupid an hour and 8 minutes but here
we're just going to use Swords Dance
repeatedly basically just cuz we want
onot things if we
can um Swords Dance will result in us
doing a lot of damage to oursel when we
hit oursel in confusion but uh here in
fact let's rock slide CU it's super
effective and it's
stab uh here we actually need to hit the
rock slide though
okay do not like that crit
there okay so we knock out Rapidash
there we've leveled up oh he uses
reflect you jerk but two Rock slides
takes down the Arcanine we leveled level
33 we're effectively in Arcanine right
now but we also got a badge boost in
special which is very nice oh look how
dope that music sounds oh and we look
like a Ninetails yes oh this is
overpowered we get confused but we don't
care we set up the sword dance and now
I'm just going to Quake on these guys
get
earthquake here oh take down you think
that's strong earthquake oh and we
didn't get the one hit or a critical hit
are you kidding
me and here
Arcanine we earthquake it we win
earthquake equals wind
guy there we go we have defeated Blaine
easy easy game now it's time to fly back
to saffron let's go and take on
[Music]
Sabrina
I think the best play is to try to
earthquake Abra to death and we do now
we level up now I think we want to set
up Swords Dance at least once let's
earthquake this cadabra to death oh we
cannot earthquake C Abra to death
because it thinks that we're in Abra our
stats have been set to abra's Stats okay
so now that we've gotten through that
one though let's finish our sword dance
setup and uh it's okay if she reflects
and all that jazz CU we just want
to hopefully hit some hits and do decent
damage I don't know if that was a crit
or
not oh the Kinesis
spam okay now we hit a rock
slide oh now we have no choice but to
just sit here and spam Swords Dance over
and over sorry I think we reset here
okay we we just really need to not all
that uh accuracy drop
nonsense oh here she's flashing us come
on we can't we can't have Sabrina
flashing us no
way okay there she misses the flash we
knock her out
cool here we're going Swords Dance I'm
going to try to get them all set up here
on Kadabra hopefully we do better damage
here we got one Kinesis from it two
Kinesis is from it oh God okay but we oh
see we don't even knock it out there we
get a third Kinesis are you kidding me
okay so we do knock that one out we are
outp speeding Alakazam goes for reflect
but we knock it out there we go so we
get Sabrina on that attempt oh man the
accuracy drops from Sabrina though she's
a
jerk okay so here
here okay we knock out Abra that's
good and now we need the swords dances
desperately we get one Kinesis
there okay two Kinesis is there but oh
the critical hit and
then oh that's almost a one
hitter so now we just need to land
another one there we
go hey come on come on earthquake
no rock slide come on rock slide
yes she X defense and then she heals
[Music]
no
hey ah and it recovers no okay we we've
got a reset
there okay then I'm just going to slam
rare candies here like
crazy I know it probably seems
Overkill oh
no I used the HP Recovery item
there one two 3 4 5 6 7
okay let's get into this fight now
so here we outspeed Abra and we can
easily onot it now he misses Kinesis
once
okay and there we get a knockout Kadabra
nice and now we get a knockout
Alakazam the rare candies made it so we
didn't level up in the fight that was
the
key so here now we can dig out now we
can fly to
vidiian oh man we got to go quick if
we're going to be competitive in this
though guys just telling you right now
so both of our Challengers had multiple
resets on Sabrina and that might seem
ridiculous I mean we have basically
infinite HP we should be able to
struggle her down eventually right well
here's the issue in gen one trainer
Pokemon do not have PP which means she
can simply use recover an infinite
number of times and once she gets the
reflect and X defense set up we're not
doing enough damage with struggle that
at least this fight's going to take a
massive amount of time if it's winnable
at
all but it turns out that Lord Dum
struggled a lot more in that section
resulting in the need to use rare
candies to get through the fight while
our fossil Aerodactyl is making its way
to giovan's gym and it in fact makes it
to the Giovani fight as that fight
against Sabrina was still going on for
Lord Dome so it might just be opening up
an insurmountable
[Music]
lead he's like Team
Rocket go okay hopefully he doesn't sand
attack me okay here we use a bunch of
Swords dances now we use earthquake and
one shot
nice um here
I vote rockslide since Rock slide's not
effective against anything else on the
team let's use the earthquake here on
needle
Queen let's use earthquake here on
Needle King we're at level 40
here okay level 41 now and now
earthquake on Ryon is a two hit ko. but
we take it down there we go and we
leveled down to level 37 because of the
Ryon slow level up group but that worked
fine we we won we won we won we won this
was
perfect let's make our way now over to
rival number
six so this fight should not be
difficult I don't
believe basically we're just going to
set up all the swords dance right here
on the first sand
slash I think this is perfectly
fine now I'm going to use fly here I
think fly is the play not quite a one
hitter but will be a two hitter okay now
execute we are basically a sand slash at
this point as far as our stats we missed
the first fly but we hit the second one
so easy win now cloer I'm going rock
slide 100% here it's the super effective
move here oh man that Aurora beam did so
much
damage um and it lowered my attack so
I'm going to set up a new sword dance
here goes for withdraw but
I think without the crit we would do a
lot more damage here even with our
fairly low
level okay Magneton this is a clear
earthquake
spot okay level to 41 here let's fly
against
Kadabra
nice level 43 here and against this
Flareon it's a one hitter with
earthquake and we level level
42 so we can just see in these last few
fights because of the different level up
groups of our opponents we're leveling
up we're leveling down it's it's kind of
all over the place but you know
ultimately it works out so that's all
that
matters so Lord Amber beats Giovani and
rival 6 at about the same time that Lord
domum finally managed to get through
Sabrina so we need these next two fights
to be incredibly fast for Lord do to
keep up its
Pace okay so save the game right there
let's fight this
guy against whom we should just be able
to Surf and easily
KO wait a second what just happened
here what is this now no
how did I did I heal did I heal
unintentionally oh
God oh
God so here let's save then let's just
see might have to reset up our glitch
here earthquake here
earthquake
okay I'm intentionally trying to stay on
low HP
here I am
hoping that I will level up in this next
fight and that I will have little enough
HP that I can get the glitch against
this Doug Trio cuz Doug Trio doesn't
have great
HP so here when it digs we're dead we
need a guard spec something like that
[Music]
um or a fissure Miss fissure Miss is
nice too you know it's just randomizing
between its
moves here we're just resetting when he
[Music]
digs there we go nice okay um here I'm
going to spam Swords Dance Now for all
the
setup
and our level will change a little bit
as we go through the fight I think
that's fine here I'm just going to spam
surf
here
[Music]
okay I guess we just want to surf on
everything don't
we or wait a second we've got the uh
attack boost so we want to earthquake
here don't
we easy one hitter there now Ryon is
where we want to surf nice easy win cool
we got the the glitch HP back on quick
so I I clearly messed up but we got it
back no
problem okay so we do not want to heal
sorry got to be very careful about that
let's save the game let's go ahead and
get into this fight against rival number
six here we're going to set up all the
swords dances right at the start of
course cuz later Pokemon we will want to
use some moves
against uh here we can just
surf
and let's do one more surf just to be
safe here rock slide on that one since
it's our only neutral move rock slide
definitely here on
cloer
okay Magneton where we want an
earthquake
okay we're going to save rock slide PP
for lowai so we're just going to
earthquake there and of course we're
earthquake and right here nice nice cool
we have made it through that
section now it's time to make our way
through victory road into the Elite
4 so going back and reviewing the tape
it's pretty clear that muscle memory
screwed me over in this one I always
pick up the dome fossil and I always
heal before I go into the Giovani fight
so going into that Pokémon Center caused
me to lose the massive amount of HP that
I had on on Lord Dome fortunately we
were able to get everything set up very
quickly after that so we didn't lose
that much time on Lord Amber I think we
can still get to the Elite 4 in time to
maybe make this one
competitive but as that fight was going
on Lord Amber was starting its run
against the league let's see how that
[Music]
goes here we go we're setting up three
swords dances
here we don't care we're only at level
51 she's at level 54 using super
effective moves but rock
slide we level up to level 50 rock slide
or I guess we leveled down to level 50
is the correct
term here let's rock slide again
nice here I'm going to fly against slow
bro oh it's using all the withdraws no
you jerk just using fly here cuz I think
it's you know we don't have anything
super effective ice punch don't freeze
me please okay nice and we leveled up
there and we easily knock out Z Lapras
nice this was perfect so here let me
just see my current status as far as PP
we've got three PP in
earthquake I have a couple elixir in a
Max Elixir I'm just going to use an
Elixir here uh let's save the game let's
fight
Bruno hey so here he's he's looking the
wrong way with his Onyx and now he dug
he dug underground to try to hide from
us cuz he's like no you're too powerful
earthquake one shot that now we are
going to fly I believe I can fly guys
that is a one hitter fly he misses the
mega kick oh he goes double team doesn't
matter here earthquake against this Onyx
is not quite a one hitter are you
kidding me okay well in that case I'll
fly against your Machamp buddy and I'll
fly again because you can do nothing
there we go l or uh Bruno sorry Bruno
absolute chump as usual here let's save
the game let's fight against
[Music]
Agatha this one shouldn't be too hard I
don't
think as long as we just aren't confused
for a million turns and we don't get
like really bad accuracy luck we should
just be fine like the ghosts are all
phys physically weak is the thing so
here let's just use earthquake we got a
gen one miss with earthquake are you
kidding
me here now that's a one hitter nice
gobat comes out rock slide easy one
hitter there we're basically a gbad
right now oh no now we became like a
hunter now earthquake here on arbach
we're like an Arbok not yet nope and
here we're basically Gengar and we just
destroy it oh look at that we became
Gengar yes we got the Gengar stats as we
leveled up there and uh we're we're kind
of ready to just destroy the game we're
going to use an Elixir here we got the
max Elixir for the champion we've
managed our PP very well
[Music]
overall here so we should be good to go
so here yes this one's going to use
hydropump every single turn no we do not
care because uh we got the Swords Dance
and once we get the swords dances set up
I'm pretty sure we're just destroying
this team let's go for a rock slide here
on this Gyarados we missed the first one
we hit the second one there we go now we
level to 50 because Gyarados is slow
level up Pokemon earthquake here on the
dragon air is a one hitter earthquake
here on the second dragon air is also a
oneit hitter Aerodactyl comes out but
against your fossil form you have no
chance yes and finally the Dragonite it
goes for
Thunder and uh we go for the rock slide
one hit KO we have made it to the
champion on super minimum battles with
this fossil Aerodactyl look at this
absolute Legend it's currently got 140
attack 94 defense 96 speed 115 special
it will change if we level on any of
these Pokemon which we will because
we're currently a slow level up Pokemon
we're going to change to probably a
medium fast a medium
slow uh all kinds of changes in this
final battle but it shouldn't matter we
should have this let's
[Music]
go
Lord
Amber let's do this so Swords Dance
Swords
Dance and uh Swords Dance okay so sand
slash he's just doing his thing we're
just going to fly and onot him here
let's fly against Alakazam after we get
hit by psychic that psychic does a lot
of damage Dage but we one shot it nice
now we should be very fast and we are
going to not one shot against exeggutor
because we got a critical hit that was
terrible now Magneton should just be an
earthquake
here it is nice we're paralyzed going
into Closter it hits us with the clamp
ooh the clamp and we're leech seated
this would normally be a death sentence
for a rock Pokemon but here we rock
slide easy one hitter yes and finally
the Flareon he's not even looking at us
he's too scared to look he's using
reflect and there we go we have one
level 56 for mistal
psychos Lord
Amber that was insane that was insane 20
resets basically all because we were
just trying to set up the HP glitch
right the TMS are not showing correctly
there so let's just recap the actual TMS
that we used in this run we used
takedown we used earthquake we used rock
slide we used fly and we used um sword
dance that is 5 TM so the actual score
should be
93 over there we did not take any
optional battles we didn't use any
broken
TMS so yeah this is an S tier
Pokemon so first things first here Duong
the strategy is very simple we're just
spamming all of the swords dances here
and then we are going into the rock
slide
spam oh we missed the first rock slide
no okay but that is a one hitter here
Closter clamps us we are slower this is
another big deal cuz we're at a lower
level than uh octyl cuz we used our rare
candies
there um for the Sabrina fight and it's
just going clamp over and over again
because of our typing because it thinks
that clamp is the only super effective
move against us
um okay but there we finally land a hit
good good good okay now here I think we
can earthquake on the slow bro I think
this is a
play um here let's even spam some surf
here I
guess okay she doesn't use a super
potion so that's fine here we're going
to rock slide on the
Jinx
okay and then there's a hydr pump but
that should be
fine oh we're so close she's super
potions but there we go we knock her out
there we go so we do get through lorai
on the first attempt
here I'm going to slam an Elixir right
here save the game let's fight against
Bruno we're still trying to go fast so
here first things first I'm going to set
up my swords dances yet again cuz I
think we need them and now we're going
to go for a surf right here that should
just do the job yes here let's go for
the earthquake here let's see if surf
will do the job here from there does
let's try surf here we're we're at a
disadvantage here because we don't have
a move like fly that's super effective
against these fighting
types um so I'm just kind of stuck here
spamming surf because I need to save PP
for later
battles okay so we knocked that one out
cool here oh meant to go uh
okay but we knocked that one out cool
cool cool okay we're level 48 time for
Agatha we're saving just in case we make
a mistake let's go go go go Agatha time
here first things first we're going for
all the swords dances you know it I know
it everybody knows it this is the
strategy against
Agatha okay here against gbat we're
going for the rock slide of course and
then from here we're just holding down a
on earthquake
and if if it hits I think it just one
shots and if it misses then I think we
we lose
time okay nice nice we're to the final
Gengar we get confused we hit ourselves
in confusion no psychic also does good
damage but there we go we do finish it
off nice nice nice we're at level 50
going into Lance at this point um here
I'm going to PP
up my rock slides here cuz cuz I think
this is the move that we need we do have
an Elixir here and I believe we yes we
have a Max Elixir for the champion so
let's go go go so Lancy boy time here
I'm going to Swords Dance Swords Dance
he's just going to use hydrop pumps same
as when we were with the Aerodactyl so
this should be fairly fairly similar
we're going to rock slide there we are
going
to what the heck just stick with The
Rock SL if it ain't broke don't fix it
um it should be super effective against
everything okay Aerodactyl flies but
then we knock it out on the next turn
that's fine and the Dragonite goes for
the Thunder same as the last run but we
one- shot it easy easy game nice okay so
now we need to save the game right here
we are going to pop the max
Elixir and save again just to be safe
sorry and let's fight right here against
the
champion oh man this is I don't know the
actual time because I accidentally reset
the overlay it says 36 I don't know we
might already have lost oh this is going
to be
terrible okay so we do all the setup
here on the sand slash it's only going
to use earthquake I'm going to go surf
on this one we do get the KO nice here
we can go earthquake right here on the
alexam nice
here I'm going rockslide on exeggutor
it's going to be a two hitter okay here
Magneton earthquake
time there we go we get the one hitter
there we're to cloer we need the rock
slide to hit oh it's not a one hitter oh
but it misses clamp twice oh that was
beautiful and here the final Flareon
we're going to earthquake and we get the
win right there I do not not know the
final time I'm going to have to check it
in post because my overlay got messed up
um so I'm going to in post what I'm
going to do I'm going to sync up the
time there with the actual time now we
have 12 more resets here and I know for
a fact that we used more TMs in this
right we used water gun we used bubble
beam we used uh surf we used rock slide
we used um
[Music]
what else did we use Ice Beam Swords
Dance I mean we've got at least six six
TMs in there I'm I'll double check them
too so I will update the score to be
correct here
to so in the end it was Lord Amber who
beat the champion Faster by nearly 4
minutes and this actually makes a lot of
sense I know you're point to maybe a
misplay here a misplay there but really
at the end of the day the reason why
Lord Dome lost this is because number
one it struggled a lot more against Koga
given the fact that he's just going to
spam sleep powder over and over again
number two it had trouble outspeeding in
some key spots because we used our rare
candies early in order to get through
Sabrina the Sabrina fight is always
going to be incredibly luck based with
these Pokémon given the fact that we
can't control what our level really is
going in outside of using those rare
candies so if we get a ton of accuracy
drops we're simply going to lose there
but then there's also the fact that the
rival's cloer loves to use clamp on Lord
Dome whereas it mixes up its moves quite
a bit more when it's up against Lord
Amber and it's all these little
advantages throughout the run that
started to build up a big lead lead for
Lord Amber going into the end game and
while yes I did lose the god tier health
bar at one point with my Lord Dome we
got it back pretty darn quickly so that
didn't really affect things too much it
was more about the luck on Sabrina that
really opened up the Gap a lot but in
the end Lord Dome and Lord Amber are
solid s tier Pokémon these fossil
missing noes are mindblowing good as
long as you understand how they work and
what you can do with
them so as we roll the outro let me give
a lot of love to mistal Psycho Channel
member in the Pokemon Center tier and
also a Giovani minimum battles champ
tier Patron double supporting for
requesting this run once you gave me
this and I figured out how these fossil
Pokemon actually work I just had to do
this race it's absolutely incredible
thank you so much for your support Big
Love also to Super Sai jeene Jared Ros
and super Sai Gene derp supporting in
the double team tier of the channel
memberships super saiah jeene Jared Ros
is also supporting over on patreon on
that Giovani minimum battles champ tier
you are a
legend further thanks to R claw Austin
Jackson Cody McKinley the cat herd amers
sand g Jackie t for supporting in the
Pokemon Center tier of the channel
memberships word to all of the righton
meme team you guys are absolute Legends
and with that being said let's just see
how these fossil missing NOS do against
Mewtwo we're going to try to fight a
level 70 Mewtwo up here just north of
palat town he's terrorizing the
countryside near Pallet Town here let's
uh slam a quick paralyze heal so we got
it
okay so here that's a Pidgey nobody
needs a Pidgey come on get this pigeon
out of my way come on we're here for the
level 70
Mewtwo the real
action we got to show what a true
legendary
is let's just make sure that I actually
locked that
in yes okay so there is a common
encounter should be a level 70 Mewtwo up
here
okay here I'm just going to go here
where I can grind better there is the
Mewtwo all right so Mewtwo let me show
you how a real legendary Works we're
using the swords dances you can recover
all you want rock
slide oh we have question mark 63 HP and
we just one shot the
meww Lord Amber levels to level 52
and Lord Amber this legendary Pokemon
question mark 95 HP over
182 we have the stats of a Mewtwo right
now cuz we just leveled up there
actually leveled down there we're level
52 but um yeah the game thinks that we
have the stats of a Mewtwo with number
zero look at that look at that the fly
Swords Dance rock slide earthquake what
more could you want for an
Aerodactyl okay a fossil Aerodactyl that
is Invincible impossible to destroy and
just completely Crush the game and he
has the Sprite of a fat
guy the random fat
guy and then when you hover on him he
becomes like a Super Saiyan a Super
Saiyan fat guy he's like oh my
god oh this is stupid this was a lot of
fun I'm going to come back I'm going to
do the cobut Toops one but an hour
2523 is the time to beat we're going to
see if the fossil Kabutops can come
anywhere close to it I'm not sure I'm
not sure it's going to be able to do the
setup as well as this one a big reason
why this Aerodactyl is actually really
good is that it can easily manipulate
that fight against that Caterpie to get
down to one HP and then level up but
it's because dactyl actually has decent
base HP it's I believe 85 base Kabutops
does not have that much base HP so we
might be stuck having to do the
manipulations later on and that could
make that one a little more difficult
we'll just have to see we're going to
come in here we're going
to we're going to try to find it we're
going to hunt it down there it is second
encounter Lord Dome is here with
infinite
HP we're setting up the swords dances
now we're
earthquak
oh the barriers are coming
in from this Mewtwo but a three hitter
gets the job done and there we go Lord
Dome beats the game at level
49 that is quite a bit weaker than what
we were I think it's three levels lower
than what we were with Aerodactyl the
fossil Aerodactyl
we can see the stats have come in they
are the stats of a level 49
Mewtwo and uh that move said rock slide
Swords Dance earthquake
surf got the job done but mostly because
we were
Invincible oh that was a lot of fun guys
anyway that does it for this one so I
I'll do a little bit of editing on the
timer and post um just so that you guys
know you know everything's on the up and
up this this is why I do live
commentaries I make mistakes all the
time right if I have the live commentary
then I've got something to point back to
to say here's what was happening here's
why that happened and uh you know you
guys can can just check it if you want
you know if you don't care you don't
have to or if you just like live
commentaries because you like live
commentaries and you don't really care
about the details of the Run that's fine
too you know but I just make these so
that anybody who wants to know exactly
what I was doing what I was thinking why
did you do that you know was that a
mistake how do you handle when you make
mistakes you know it's all just right
here for you guys cuz I just think that
kind of transparency is really important
anyway I hope you guys enjoy this this
is going up for the channel Members
First and uh when we get this edited
into a race this is going to be a treat
guys this is going to be a lot of fun oh
my God so let's just let's just do this
so I'm going to get this one slightly
edited up so just so that the timers are
right so that you guys can see it in the
end on the channel we can kind of see
how these two runs stack up oh let's
go anyway thank you guys so much for
watching thank you mral psycho again
I've said this in like four videos now
for this uh
recommendation I'm looking at the rest
of you channel members drop them drop
them guys you tell me if it's fun or if
it's interesting I'm here for it you
know let's do it anyway see you in the
next one
[Music]
later
n